Git hooks to checking of code formatting (#1482)
soramitsu/kagome: .githooks/README.md

# Git Hooks

This folder _might_ contain some git-hooks to execute various checkup in Kagome.

To activate presented (_and all future_) hooks just execute **once** shell-script [activate_hooks.sh](./activate_hooks.sh) from Kagome project root path. 

## pre-commit

This hook check existing `clang-format` and `cmake-format` and their versions.
If they have recommended version, specific checkup is enabled.

> Each changed C++ file (`.hpp` and `.cpp` extensions) processing by `clang-format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each changed C++ file (`.hpp` and `.cpp` extensions) gets processed by `clang-format`.
```

> Each changed Cmake file (`CMakeText.txt` and `.cmake` extension) processing by `cmake-format`, and commit blocked if original and formatted file differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each changed CMake file (`CMakeLists.txt` and `.cmake` extension) gets processed by `cmake-format`.
```

> Commit will be blocked until original and formatted file is differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit will be blocked while there are any differences between original files and `clang-format/cmake-format` output files.
```
